README.md, before:

This repo hosts the codes and files for V0 prototype of the Pufferfish ventilator. While V1 (under development) uses STM32 and Raspberry Pi 4, in this version Arduino Due and Jetson Nano are used. The software is for development purposes and supports logging sensor readings and other variables at 667 Hz (limited by the 1.5 ms cycle for reading all 8 I2C sensors currently in use). 

![Screenshot](/dev\ interface.png)

To program the Arduino Due
- you need to make sure you have Arduino Due support in your IDE - follow instructions on https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/ArduinoDue
- you need to add the libraries in the arduino libraries folder - follow instructions on https://www.arduino.cc/en/guide/libraries 
- make sure you use the native USB port (for both programming and running the Arduino): https://www.arduino.cc/en/uploads/Guide/DueSerialPorts.jpg 

To use the software
- make sure you have installed pyserial, qtpy, pyqt5, pyqtgraph (you can install these packages with pip3 install. E.g. pip3 install qtpy --user)
- use "sudo usermod -aG $USER dialout" to have access to serial ports without sudo
- use "python3 main.py to launch the program"

Notion page for more technical details including setting up the hardware: https://www.notion.so/pufferfish/Pez-Globo-2bedf862f80645cc90a4c7d114437cf6

Commit message:

Added GPL license for controller/controller.ino.

README.md, after:

# pufferfish-prototype-v0

This repository contains the software source and hardware design files for the v0 prototype of the Pufferfish ventilator. Note that this prototype version does not have a uniform or high level of documentation. We are working to prepare the software and hardware files for the v1 prototype for open-source release. The v1 prototype uses an STM32 microcontroller and a Raspberry Pi 4, while the v0 prototype uses an Arduino Due microcontroller board and a Jetson Nano. The v0 prototype software is for development purposes and supports logging sensor readings and other variables at 667 Hz (limited by the 1.5 ms cycle for reading all 8 I2C sensors currently in use).


## Usage

### Software

![Screenshot](/dev\ interface.png)

To program the Arduino Due
- you need to make sure you have Arduino Due support in your IDE - follow instructions on https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/ArduinoDue
- you need to add the libraries in the arduino libraries folder - follow instructions on https://www.arduino.cc/en/guide/libraries 
- make sure you use the native USB port (for both programming and running the Arduino): https://www.arduino.cc/en/uploads/Guide/DueSerialPorts.jpg 

To use the software
- make sure you have installed pyserial, qtpy, pyqt5, pyqtgraph (you can install these packages with pip3 install. E.g. pip3 install qtpy --user)
- use "sudo usermod -aG $USER dialout" to have access to serial ports without sudo
- use "python3 main.py to launch the program"

Notion page for more technical details including setting up the hardware: https://www.notion.so/pufferfish/Pez-Globo-2bedf862f80645cc90a4c7d114437cf6 


## Licensing

All contents of this repository, except where otherwise indicated, are released under the Permissive License Agreement in `LICENSE.pdf`.

Due to licensing requirements of an Arduino library we are using, the `controller/controller.ino` file is licensed under GPL v3. A copy of the GPL v3 license can be found at `controller/LICENSE.GPL`. Note that, except where otherwise indicated, all other files in the `controller` directory are still licensed under our Permissive License Agreement at `LICENSE.pdf`.
